Hello welcome back to the challenge.
3 solution for Section 19.
I am in the section 19 workspace in the challenge.
Underscore 3 on his core solution project and this is the project where we try to find the word matches
in Romeo and Juliet play.
So let me go over my solution and I wrote a simple function to help me with the solution and we'll talk
about the function in just a second but let's just go through the solution at the beginning here.
Here's my main.
I've got my input file stream right here called infile.
Here's the word that I want to find That's what the users want to give us.
Here is the word that I've read.
So each time I loop through that file I'm going to read a word and then I've got the word count and
match count which just counters that were going to increase when we see a word and when we see a matching
word.
OK so that's it.
That's the preamble there.
And here's the good old recipe that we always adhere to right.
I want to open the file Romeo and Juliet if it's not open.
I display an error and I leave.
So let's get to the part of the program that's doing all the work here.
So right here on 9:29 I'm asking the user to enter the substring to search for.
Suppose they enter love.
I'm reading that in from standard input and then I'm in my loop here.
So while I want to read a word from infile.
OK so I'm going to stop at any whitespace.
I'm using the extraction operator here so I'm going to read a word into Word read and if it didn't fail
and if it didn't give me an entire file I've got to word someone to increment the word count.
I've seen a word and then I'm going to call a function which I'm going to show you in a minute that
I wrote called Find underscores substring and the idea here is I send into this function the word that
I want to find and the word that was read from the file.
And if this word happens to be a substring in that word it's going to return true when it returns true.
I increment the match count for doesn't return true.
I don't increment the match count and I just simply go back up and loop again.
That's it pretty straightforward.
When I'm done with the loop I've hit the end of file I simply display how many words were searched and
how many times my matching word was found.
OK that's it.
So let's talk about that fine street substring function now which I wrote a peer and here it is this
function as I said expects two parameters two strings and they're both Konst refs.
In this case.
What's the word to find the word to find is that the user gave us love which is being passed into this.
And what's the target.
The target is the word that we just read from the file so maybe we read the word lovely.
Well we word there we read the word Romeo or whatever word we read.
So what we're going to do is we're going to use the find method in the String class which says hey target
which is this guy find that substring or to find within you and give me back the index of where you
found it.
If I really don't care about the index I just wanted that.
I just wondered if it was there or not.
So if it returns stood string no position that means that it was not in the word and I return false
otherwise I return true.
Like I said I really don't care what position it's in.
I just want to know whether the substring exists in that target or not.
That's it really really simple.
Let's run this
and that search for again the search for Romeo I said search for Juliet.
It's time Juliet.
Forty nine times.
We found the word Juliet.
All right.
That's it.
Now suppose we're trying to debug this along the way we really want to see what word was actually read
from the file.
So what we could do here or even better let's just see the words that match we know other words that
match right in this statement right here right.
That's why we're incrementing match count.
So what we could do is write in here we could States that stood out and we could display the word that
we just matched right which was the word that we read so we could display a word read followed by a
space and new lines that we would just display them one after the other.
So let's try running this again now.
And let's look for the word love.
There we go.
Those are all the matches that we found lovers love love with a question mark punctuation love performing.
You can see here love song Dear Loved.
There you go.
So it gives us a pretty good gauge as to the correctness of our program.
Obviously we would have to do some real testing and absolutely know ahead of time how many times this
word exists.
Let's try it again with a capital L would love four times.
OK.
So there you go.
And let's see.
How about Romeo.
You can see Romeo was found 132 times and it was found with a period at the end a period at the end
again at the end of a sentence with question marks Romeos with an apostrophe.
So that's it.
That's the solution.
If you came up with another solution as you figured out a way to do it by reading a whole line of time
and then splitting up the street the words out of the line.
That's a lot more work.
But if you did that you think it's cool.
Post it out there so we can all learn from one another.
All right so I hope you enjoy this challenge in the next video.
We'll learn about output streams and writing to files.